Course: How to Use Git and GitHub
Lesson 1: Navigating a Commit History
Author: Michael Fryar
Date: July 31, 2017

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Only viewing lines that had changed greatly reduced the number of lines that
    needed to be compared.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Among other reasons, if I discover a mistake, I can know exactly when it was
    made and therefore better understand its consequences. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pro: Automatic saving is likely to create checkpoints that are not
    necessarily logical. Manually choosing when to save allows you to create
    one commit per logical change.
    Con: There may be intermediate changes that are lost.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I suspect Google Docs treats each file separately since it automatically 
    saves versions for each file individually. Since Git allows for manual
    control, it makes sense that it would allow saving multiple files so that
    if you are making a change to multiple files as part of a project, you can 
    be sure that all necessary changes will be made at once when you commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the commit history including commit id, author, date, and a
    commit note.
    
    git diff shows the changes between two different commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You have the safety net of old commits to fall back on!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Version control as I update the learner data dashboards!
